It took seeing it with my own eyes to
realize that the world we live in
is absolutely incredible it now
fascinates me
the forests the oceans the landscapes
and the people that call these places
there is nothing like hearing their
stories while sharing yours
and i would like to take you along while
sharing some of my favorite experiences
so far
[Motorcycle engine sound]
[Music]
this is one of the craziest view i've
ever seen
[Music]
after a couple of months of traveling my
interest in visiting wild and remote
places grew
i walked with nomads through the sahara
desert visited the arctic circle
and the more people i met during these
travels the more stories i craved
so when i got invited to visit mongolia
one of the wildest and remote places on
earth
i couldn't sing
[Music]
you can expect silent and empty
landscapes with huge blue youth skies
and a sense of incredible space when
driving through mongolia
but there is an entire culture of warm
calm locals that seem to be ready for a
guest at any time
it was at times like this when i
realized the most that from people
living such simple lives
we can learn
[Music]
after mongolia i met up with some
friends and we went to experience one of
our craziest travels so far
[Waterfall sound]
[Music]
[Motorcycle engine sound]
Hoooo
[Music]
indonesia was insane especially as we
climbed one of the most dangerous
volcanoes in the world
and i cannot wait to go on more crazy
adventures like this one
[M83 singin "My Tears Are Becoming A Sea"]
♪ I'm slowly drifting to You ♪
a lot of times i get asked how i got so
lucky
and how i was able to start traveling
the world
are my parents rich however the truth is
rather different and quite simple
two years ago i made the decision to
start chasing my dreams and to never
look back
to not have a plan it was not easy and i
had many doubts
i worked many little jobs to save up and
eventually i started traveling
even though the journey wasn't easy i
never looked back
and deep down i believed that if there's
something you're truly passionate about
nothing should stop you and that if you
keep chasing your dreams
eventually all the pieces fall into
[Music]
[Motorcycle engine sound]
[Screaming] Hoohoo
[Music]
Oh My God
[laugh]
hey